With his drawing in his hand, twelve-year-old John Wun Pong said that people must wake up to
the fact that pollution is causing damage to the progress we've made.
"'To save water is to save lives,' he said.
His classmate from the same primary school in the hilly countryside of Western China,
eleven-year-old John Wun has painted a big shining light, with the message that people
must not waste electricity.
The students were members of a project to discuss changes in the climate all over the
world, and what we can do about them.
The school suggested that the students should pass on what they have learnt in school
to their parents and neighbours.
"'I told my family why we should turn off the light when we leave a room,' said one
student.
"'China now has many green schools like this one.'
In order to become a green school, a school must include education about the environment
as part of the timetable.
Education is important and can help children and young people change their habits.
At the same time, they can pass on knowledge to their neighbours, said a director of the
Ministry of Environmental Protection.